The provided dataset consists of deforestation data for a specific region over a period of time. It includes information such as the date of observation and the corresponding deforested area in hectares. Additionally, there may be a categorical variable indicating different types or causes of deforestation, providing further insight into the drivers behind land cover changes.
Additionally, my workspace includes the resources that I used to complete this package. 
These resources are a very interesting read and the interface is incredibly useful for countless reasons: Users are able to look at each region across the globe using longitude and latitude coordinates and observe the changes over time via the metadata.
I strongly recommend users look into the sources I have listed as it provides extensive visual and background information related to this package, as well as being super cool to interact with and see.

The package itself tries to be thorough with user parameters. The library and importing steps are designed to allow different users to input the metadata in different ways in order to provide the easiest experience when relying on the excel or online database for data--this is a tool that comes in handy for saving space and allowing softwares to run more quickly and without hiccups.
Further, I have intentionally left some ambiguity within the code to allow user-specific commands, e.g. which regions, countries, points, etc. a user wants to explore. My original proposal was predominantly aimed towards just South America, but after exploring the sources I realized the opportunity to additionally observe other regions and places without taking up an exorbitant amount or RAM, processing power, energy, and more.
The heart of this package delves into plotting and illustrating data through time-series and plots in R to better encapsulate data and be a comparative tool. ggplot is a necessity for this and is already initializede into the environment as a part of this package. 
